# C2C: Troubleshooting

> Source: https://help.frame.io/en/articles/4886926-c2c-troubleshooting
> Category: c2c

---

This article will go over some basic troubleshooting Frame.io Camera to Cloud workflows and C2C Connected Devices. We’ll cover some common problems you may run into when Authorizing a C2C Connected Device, recording files, or using the files in post-production.
​
For troubleshooting hardware issues, please refer to the C2C Connected Device’s manufacturer’s support. 

**Authorizing a Device****How do I authorize a device for Frame.io C2C?**Refer to our [C2C Help Site](https://help.frame.io/en/collections/8960335-frame-io-c2c) for QuickStart guides on all C2C enabled devices. 

**My authorization process fails.**Double-check the pairing code and device name, then make sure the C2C Connected Device can access the internet.

 

[Click here](https://help.frame.io/en/articles/8571967-c2c-complete-internet-connection-guide) to explore our Complete Internet Connection Guide. 

**My C2C Connected Device either won&#x27;t generate a pairing code or the code disappears before I can read it.**The device needs to be connected to the internet in order to get a pairing code. Make sure the device has access to the internet, not just the local network.

 

[Click here](https://help.frame.io/en/articles/8571967-c2c-complete-internet-connection-guide) to explore our Complete Internet Connection Guide. 

**Files from my C2C Connected Devices were uploaded to the incorrect date folder.**The date folder in the Fixed Folder Structure is determined by the timezone of the user that authorized the C2C Connected Device.

 

For instance, if a C2C Connected Device was authorized in New York, then was flown to Los Angeles, the date folder will be determined by New York time.

 

You can change the timezone of any C2C Connection by clicking on the device&#x27;s context menu in the C2C Connections tab.

 

**Post Production**[Click here](https://help.frame.io/en/articles/6079079-c2c-complete-proxy-workflow-guide) for our Complete Proxy Workflow Guide 

**The clipnames or timecode of my original camera files and the proxies don’t match.**Make sure your camera system supports sending clipname and timecode over its video output. [Click here](https://help.frame.io/en/articles/4886030-c2c-camera-to-cloud-camera-compatibility-guide) for more information about Frame.io C2C camera compatibility. If your camera system supports both, and you are still not seeing clipname and timecode, try the following troubleshooting steps:Make sure there are no devices in the video pipeline that may be stripping the record triggers, timecode, or clipnames from the video signal (this can include certain transmitters, monitors, or other video processing boxes).

If the timecode of the C2C proxies generated by a Teradek are offset from the timecode of the OCF, you can adjust the Timecode Offset settings under Video/Audio Input. This can be adjusted up to +/- 5 frames.

 

**My proxies aren’t relinking to my original camera files.***For DaVinci Resolve*:For conforming in Resolve, you’ll have to make sure the **ReelID** can match between the proxy and the original camera file. You may need to use different settings under **Conform Options** for the proxies than you do for the original camera files. 

*For Final Cut Pro*:In Final Cut Pro, both the proxy files and the files you are relinking need to have the same filename and audio configuration.

 

If you are using Multicam in Final Cut Pro, the clips may not relink since FCPX may not be able to reference the original extents of the file.

 

*For Adobe Premiere*:Under **Match File Properties**, **File Name** should be checked. You may also want to disable the following: **File Extension**, **Media Start**, **Tape Name**, **Description**, and **Clip ID**. You may also want to make sure the following settings are enabled: **Align Timecode**, **Relink others automatically**, **Preserve interpret footage settings**. 

*For AVID*:Relinking proxies from C2C supported encoding devices* to camera original media directly in AVID is currently not supported by AVID. However, you can either use an AMA Link or generate DNx media from Frame.io C2C proxies to conform back to original camera files later in an offline/online workflow.

 

* *Recordings made by Atomos devices also can&#x27;t relink to camera original media; however, Atomos proxies can relink to the &quot;hero&quot; files also recorded by the Atomos devices.*Related ArticlesC2C: Camera to Cloud Camera Compatibility GuideC2C: Frame.io Camera to Cloud FAQsC2C: Complete Proxy Workflow GuideC2C: Filmic Pro QuickStart GuideC2C: Getting Started with Camera to Cloud

---
*This article was automatically converted from the Frame.io Help Center.*
