# Set up two-factor authentication (2FA)

> Source: https://help.frame.io/en/articles/4766302-set-up-two-factor-authentication-2fa
> Category: enterprise

---

As a Frame.io user, if you are on an Enterprise account with [mandated two-factor authentication](https://help.frame.io/en/articles/4766300-mandatory-account-two-factor-authentication-2fa-mfa) for their users, you will encounter the 2FA setup flow when logging into (or signing up for) Frame.io. 
​
To gain access to Frame.io, you will need to set up two-factor authentication using an Authenticator app (such as Google Authenticator or Authy) or to use codes received by text message. 

**How it works**If you are on an account that mandates two-factor authentication, you’ll need to set up two-factor authentication the next time you log in to Frame.io. Once two-factor authentication is configured, you’ll enter a verification code received via text message or authenticator app each time you log back into Frame.io. 
​
As part of the setup process, you’ll choose whether you want to receive your verification codes via an authenticator app or text message. Read on for setup details depending on which option you choose. **Setup steps for two-factor authentication using an authenticator app ****Step 1: Select “Authenticator app” when prompted to select a verification method in Frame.io 2FA setup**
When you first set up two-factor authentication, Frame.io will ask you whether you want to verify using an authenticator app or text message. Select “authenticator app.” 
​
​**Step 2: Download and install an authentication app**
Before you can set up 2FA on your account, you’ll need to download and install an authentication app on your device. Frame.io 2FA can be used with most Time-Based, One-Time Password (TOTP) applications. 
​
Here are a few options to get started:**iPhone: **[Google Authenticator](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/google-authenticator/id388497605?mt=8), [Duo Mobile](http://guide.duosecurity.com/), [1Password](https://guides.agilebits.com/1password-ios/5/en/topic/setting-up-one-time-passwords), [Authy](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/authy/id494168017?mt=8), [Microsoft Authenticator](https://app.adjust.com/h66ftb_42hbak?campaign=appstore_ios&amp;fallback=https://itunes.apple.com/app/microsoft-authenticator/id983156458)**Android: **[Google Authenticator](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2&amp;hl=en), [Duo Mobile](http://guide.duosecurity.com/), [1Password](https://support.1password.com/getting-started-android/), [Authy](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.authy.authy&amp;hl=en), [Microsoft Authenticator](https://app.adjust.com/h66ftb_42hbak?campaign=appstore_android&amp;fallback=https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.azure.authenticator&amp;hl=den)
**Step 3: Add Frame.io to your authenticator app**
Once you have your authenticator app downloaded, you’ll need to add Frame.io as a verification account. Here’s how to do that:Add a new account. In most authenticator apps, you can do this by tapping the “+” icon.

Scan the QR code using your device&#x27;s camera. If you prefer, you can choose to enter the code by hand.

On Frame.io&#x27;s 2FA configuration page, enter the 6-digit verification code that your authentication app generates.

**Step 4: Save your backup codes**
Once you’ve correctly verified your device, you’ll be shown your backup codes. Download these and save them in a safe and secure place (such as a password manager.) If you don’t have your two-factor authentication device for some reason, you can use these codes to get into Frame.io. Keep in mind that each backup code can only be used once. **Setup steps for two-factor authentication using codes received via text message ****Step 1: Select “Text message” when prompted to select a verification method in Frame.io 2FA setup**
When you first set up two-factor authentication, Frame.io will ask you whether you want to verify using an authenticator app or text message. Select “text message.” 
​
​**Step 2: Add your phone number and confirm receipt of the verification code. **Select your country from the dropdown.

Add your phone number, including the area code.

On Frame.io&#x27;s 2FA configuration page, enter the 6-digit verification code sent to you via text message.

**Step 3: Save your backup codes.**
Once you’ve correctly verified your device, you’ll be shown your backup codes. Download these and save them in a safe and secure place (such as a password manager.) If you don’t have your two-factor authentication device for some reason, you can use these codes to get into Frame.io. Keep in mind that each backup code can only be used once. 

**FAQ****Q: I’m an individual user who wants to enable two-factor authentication on my own. How do I do that?**
​**A: **At this time, we do not support per-user self-service 2FA management for any plans.
​
​**Q: What is an authenticator app, and how do I get one?**
​**A: **An authenticator app is an application that generates verification tokens for the apps you use that require two-factor authentication. Popular authenticator apps include Google Authenticator, Authy, and 1Password. See Step 2 above to download one of the authenticator apps links for iPhone or Android. 
​ 
​**Q: What do I do if I’m locked out of Frame.io because I don’t have the device I use for two-factor authentication?**
​**A: **You can enter one of the backup codes you received during the two-factor authentication setup by clicking on “Enter recovery code” in the Frame.io login flow. Keep in mind that each backup code can only be used once. 
​
If you don’t have your backup codes, please reach out to your account admin to grant you a 24-hour pass into the account. After 24 hours have elapsed, you’ll be logged back out and will need to re-enable two-factor authentication for your login.
​
​Related ArticlesMandatory account two-factor authentication (2FA)Authenticating the Frame.io Apple TV AppC2C: FilmDataBox QuickStart GuideC2C: Nikon QuickStart GuideConnecting to Adobe authentication

---
*This article was automatically converted from the Frame.io Help Center.*
